Update SAML Fingerprint process (#557)
GSA-TTS/identity-handbook: _articles/saml.md

This is usually caused by a mismatch between the IdP certificate used to sign the response, and the recorded signature of the certificate which is saved in the environment variable `idp_cert_fingerprint` (either in config/application.yml, or the environment variables in the deployed environment).

To fix this, you'll first need to get the X509 Certificate from the appropriate SAML metadata endpoint, ie `https://idp.dev.identitysandbox.gov/api/saml/metadata2024` for `https://dev-identity-saml-sinatra.app.cloud.gov/`.

> The local `identity-saml-sinatra` app uses the certificate from `identity-idp`, so that XML can be found at `identity-idp/config/artifacts.example/local/saml2024.crt`.

Reviewer: what if we linked these?
```suggestion
The local [`identity-saml-sinatra`](https://github.com/18F/identity-saml-sinatra/) app uses the certificate from [`identity-idp`](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/), so that XML can be found [in its examples directory](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/tree/main/config/artifacts.example/local).
```
